route_long_name,route_color,route_id,route_url,route_desc,route_short_name,route_type,route_text_color
7,E6C800,1757,,"Route 7 is the best way to the 3rd Street area of campus if you live along S. Henderson Street in apartment complexes such as Hoosier Court at Henderson, Summit Pointe, Timber Ride, or Brandon Court.  This is also a great way to get from the Winslow Farms area to campus and downtown.  Frequency of this route is every 15-20 minutes, Monday through Friday, during the IU fall and spring semesters.  After 7:30 p.m. each weeknight, the service runs every 30 minutes.   Hours of operation are from approximately 7:00 a.m. to 9:30 p.m.",7,3,000000
1,ED1C24,1843,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the Wells Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan. This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court,  Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods. This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road. This bus runs every 30-60 minutes, Monday through Friday, and every 60 minutes on Saturday.",1,3,FFFFFF
1,ED1C24,1844,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the Wells Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan. This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court, Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods. This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road. This bus runs every 30-60 minutes, Monday through Friday, and every 60 minutes on Saturday.",1,3,FFFFFF
1,ED1C24,1845,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the IU Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan.  This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court,  Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods.  This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road.  This bus runs every 30-60 minutes, Monday through Friday, and every 60 minutes on Saturday.",1,3,FFFFFF
1,ED1C24,1846,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the IU Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan. This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court, Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods. This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road. This bus runs every 30-60 minutes, Monday through Friday, and every 60 minutes on Saturday.",1,3,FFFFFF
1,ED1C24,1847,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the IU Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan.  This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court,  Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods.  This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road.  This bus runs every 30-60 minutes, Monday through Friday, and every 60 minutes on Saturday.",1,3,FFFFFF
2,2E3192,1848,,"Route 2 West serves the Arlington Park Apartments as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street.  This route goes to downtown with no direct service to campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  This bus runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive.  No direct service to campus is available on this route, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. ",2,3,FFFFFF
2,2E3192,1849,,"Route 2 West serves the Arlington Park Apartments as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street.  This route goes to downtown with no direct service to campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  This bus runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive.  No direct service to campus is available on this route, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. ",2,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1850,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart.  Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossing Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
2,2E3192,1851,,"Route 2 West serves the Arlington Park Apartments as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street.  This route goes to downtown with no direct service to campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  This bus runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive.  No direct service to campus is available on this route, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. ",2,3,FFFFFF
2,2E3192,1852,,"Route 2 West serves the Arlington Park Apartments as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street.  This route goes to downtown with no direct service to campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  This bus runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive.  No direct service to campus is available on this route, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at our 4th and Washington passenger facility.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. ",2,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1853,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart. Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday. Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.",3,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1854,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), KMart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart. Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossings Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1856,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments.  This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart.  Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossings Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1857,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments.  This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart.  Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossings Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
3,006633,1859,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments.  This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and K Mart east.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart.  Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive.  This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday.  Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday.  Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossings Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
4,663399,1861,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court apartments, Winslow Ridge apartments, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA. Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Bicycle apartments. Oakdale Square apartments, Basswood apartments, Bradford Ridge apartments, Forrest Ridge apartments, Canterbury apartments, and Heatherwood Mobile Home Court.  Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.",4,3,FFFFFF
4,663399,1862,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court apartments, Winslow Ridge apartments, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA. Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Bicycle apartments. Oakdale Square apartments, Basswood apartments, Bradford Ridge apartments, Forrest Ridge apartments, Canterbury apartments, and Heatherwood Mobile Home Court.  Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.",4,3,FFFFFF
4,663399,1863,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court apartments, Winslow Ridge apartments, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA. Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Bicycle apartments. Oakdale Square apartments, Basswood apartments, Bradford Ridge apartments, Forrest Ridge apartments, Canterbury apartments, and Heatherwood Mobile Home Court.  Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.",4,3,FFFFFF
4,663399,1864,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court apartments, Winslow Ridge apartments, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA. Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Bicycle apartments. Oakdale Square apartments, Basswood apartments, Bradford Ridge apartments, Forrest Ridge apartments, Canterbury apartments, and Heatherwood Mobile Home Court.  Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.",4,3,FFFFFF
5,DF2D86,1865,,"Route 5 provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places like Steeplechase apartments, the Gardens, Oaklawn townhomes, Woodlands, and Maxwell Terrace apartments.  Also provides service to Jackson Creek Middle School and Childs Elementary.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. ",5,3,000000
5,DF2D86,1866,,"Route 5 provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places like Steeplechase apartments, the Gardens, Oaklawn townhomes, Woodlands, and Maxwell Terrace apartments.  Also provides service to Jackson Creek Middle School and Childs Elementary.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. ",5,3,000000
8,E98C00,1867,,"Route 8 connects persons living in the Hyde Park, Stands, High Street, Park Ridge, 10th Street, and Pete Ellis Drive areas along with those living along Sare Road with the College Mall and Eastland Plaza shopping center.  There is no direct service to campus or downtown.  Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  A regularly scheduled trip on Route 8 leaves 4th & Washington on weekdays at 8:10 a.m. to Stonebelt Center.  On request outbound service from 4th & Washington to the Stonebelt Center is also available at 7:40 a.m. by calling 336-RIDE by 7:25 a.m. on weekdays. ",8,3,FFFFFF
6,A96836,1868,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as Collins and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on 3rd, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, IU Library, Geology, Psychology, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
6,A96836,1869,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as Collins and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on 3rd, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Business School, Wells Library, Geology, Psychology, HPER building, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
6,A96836,1870,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as Collins and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on 3rd, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, Weels Library, Geology, Psychology, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
6,A96836,1871,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as Collins and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on 3rd, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, Wells Library, Geology, Psychology, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
6 Limited,A96836,1873,,"Route 6 Limited is very similar to the 6 Campus Shuttle, however, it only runs a shortened version of the 6 Campus Shuttle.  The western end of the 6 Limited is Smallwood Plaza.  The eastern end of the 6 Limited is Fountain Park apartments on 10th Street.  The 6 Limited generally runs between trips of the 6 Campus Shuttle.  The 6 Limited only runs on weekdays during the IU Spring and Fall semesters.",6L,3,FFFFFF
6 Limited,A96836,1874,,"Route 6 Limited is very similar to the 6 Campus Shuttle, however, it only runs a shortened version of the 6 Campus Shuttle.  The western end of the 6 Limited is Smallwood Plaza.  The eastern end of the 6 Limited is Fountain Park apartments on 10th Street.  The 6 Limited generally runs between trips of the 6 Campus Shuttle.  The 6 Limited only runs on weekdays during the IU Spring and Fall semesters.",6L,3,FFFFFF
6,A96836,1875,,"6 Shuttle Night Owl Runs on Thursday, Friday and Saturday late nights. This route stays out late during the fall & spring semesters to get students home safely from downtown area of entertainment.If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 7th, Woodlawn, and 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on Third, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, IU Library, Psychology, HPER building, the Memorial Union, and other buildings.  ",6,3,FFFFFF
7,E6C800,1876,,"Route 7 is the best way to the 3rd Street area of campus if you live along S. Henderson Street in apartment complexes such as Hoosier Court at Henderson, Summit Pointe, Timber Ride, or Brandon Court.  This is also a great way to get from the Winslow Farms area to campus and downtown.  Frequency of this route is every 15-20 minutes, Monday through Friday, during the IU fall and spring semesters.  After 7:30 p.m. each weeknight, the service runs every 30 minutes. Hours of operation are from approximately 7:00 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. Fridays operations end at 7:14 pm",7,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1877,,"Route 9 is is a favorite route for IU students living in Campus Corner Apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimere, the Fields,  Hunter Ridge, Park Doral, Tulip Tree, and Eigenmann Hall to get to the IU Library, Kelly Business School, Music School, Jordan Hall, Memorial Hall, Sample Gates, Geology, Psychology, and most areas of campus on or south of 10th Street.  Runs every 10-20 minutes, Monday through Thursday during IU Spring and Fall Semesters. There are different schedules for Fridays, weekends, semester breaks, and summer. ",9,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1878,,"Route 9 is is a favorite route for IU students living in Campus Corner Apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimere, the Fields,  Hunter Ridge, Park Doral, Tulip Tree, and Eigenmann Hall to get to the IU Library, Kelly Business School, Music School, Jordan Hall, Memorial Hall, Sample Gates, Geology, Psychology, and most areas of campus on or south of 10th Street.  Runs every 10-20 minutes, Monday through Thursday during IU Spring and Fall Semesters. There are different schedules for Fridays, weekends, semester breaks, and summer. ",9,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1879,,"Route 9 Saturday during IU semesters, running every 40 minutes. Route 9 his is a favorite route for IU students living in Campus Corner Apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, the Fields,  Hunter Ridge, Park Doral, Tulip Tree, and Eigenmann Hall to get to the IU Library, Kelly Business School, Music School, Jordan Hall, Memorial Hall, Sample Gates, Geology, Psychology, and most areas of campus on or south of 10th Street.",9,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1880,,"Route 9 his is a favorite route for IU students living in Campus Corner Apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, the Fields,  Hunter Ridge, Park Doral, Tulip Tree, and Eigenmann Hall to get to the IU Library, Kelly Business School, Music School, Jordan Hall, Memorial Hall, Sample Gates, Geology, Psychology, and most areas of campus on or south of 10th Street.  Runs every 10-20 minutes, Monday through Thursday during IU Spring and Fall Semesters.  On Fridays, please note there is a different schedule.  Runs every 40 minutes on Saturday and Sundays.  During the summer months and IU break periods, This bus runs every 20 minutes, Monday - Friday and every 40 minutes on Saturday.",9,3,000000
9 Limited,00CCFF,1883,,"Route 9 Limited compliments routes 3 and 9 Monday through Friday, running every 30 minutes, when IU classes are in regular session. It connects Campus Corner Apartments and the mall to the entire south side of campus along 3rd Street and Atwater.",9L,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1888,,"The Night Owl for Route 9 operates Friday & Saturday nights when IU is in full spring & fall semester session. It does not operate during summer and during semester break periods. The Night Owl travels the regular 9 route, but also travels down Kirkwood to Walnut and around to 7th St, serving the late-night downtown crowd.  ",9,3,000000
9,00CCFF,1891,,"Route 9 is is a favorite route for IU students living in Campus Corner Apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimere, the Fields,  Hunter Ridge, Park Doral, Tulip Tree, and Eigenmann Hall to get to the IU Library, Kelly Business School, Music School, Jordan Hall, Memorial Hall, Sample Gates, Geology, Psychology, and most areas of campus on or south of 10th Street.  Runs every 10-20 minutes, Monday through Thursday during IU Spring and Fall Semesters. There are different schedules for Fridays, weekends, semester breaks, and summer. ",9,3,000000
3,006633,1892,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like Campus Corner apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping centers and KMart east. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center (Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Lowe's), K Mart west, Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart. Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive. This bus runs every 30 minutes, Monday through Friday. Runs every 60 minutes on Saturday. Inbound service does not go to Whitewall Crossings Shopping Center from 2 - 6 pm on Weekdays.",3,3,FFFFFF
